
You were able to get plenty of canned food, bottled water, toilet paper and other supplies
in case society falls apart and all the supplies are taken.
Shortly after arriving home from getting supplies, spaceships start landing
all over the earth. You check the news again and hear about people getting taken and experimented on.
More and more spaceships arrive every day.
You wonder if you should stay home or leave.


A. Leave while you still can!
B. Stay at home and hope for the best.


You decide that you no longer feel safe at home and leave. You could go
to the mountains, where it would be easiest to hide from the aliens.
Or, you could go south, where you have no idea
what the conditions are like.


A. To the mountains
B. To the south


As you drive into the mountains, you find that the roads have not really been maintained
due to the invasion. The roads become worse and worse.
Eventually you are as deep as you can go by car.
You get out and start walking until you come to a cliff face that appears
to have some vegetation and crevices that you could possibly hold onto.


A. Climb it
B. Go around it


Unfortunately, the higher you had climbed, the vegetation was not as deeply rooted into the rock.
You fell and died.


You hop in your car and head for the southern border.
However, when you arrive it seems the entire area has been taken over by aliens.
Everybody is walking around in groups, chained together,
and doing slave work. Meanwhile, the aliens sit on thrones
and boss the humans around.
Before you can turn around to escape, you are also taken,
and spend the rest of your miserable life as a slave until you die.


You find a way around the cliff face. For a few days you wander,
following a creek for water and eating wild berries.
In the morning you see strangers in the distance.


A. Approach them
B. Go the other way


When you approach them, they ask if you are also trying to hide from the aliens.
You tell them that you are, and they suggest that you join them.


A. Yes
B. No


You join the group of travellers. For years, you travel trying to keep yourselves safe from aliens.
One day you see some other strangers walking in the mountains, and they approach you.
They are people going around trying to find all the refugees (like you)
to tell you that the aliens are gone! Apparently,
some random man set up a tea-trade with their planet,
and the aliens agreed to be peaceful with Earth as long as we kept giving them tea.
You make your way home and marry one of the travellers from your group and live happily ever after.


You decide to not join the other travellers and travel alone. Night falls,
it is a bit spooky being in the wilderness alone.
You forage for food, try not to get eaten by wild animals,
and not get caught by aliens which you are able to do for a couple of years.
One day you are walking and see an alien on the hillside above you!
The alien instantly sees you...ZAP!!!...and that's the last of you.


You decide to just stay at home. After a day or two, you look outside and
see two alien children walking down the street, with laser guns!
They are playing a game to see who can destroy the most houses.


A. Yell at them.
B. Give them cherries.
C. Forget this, I am out of here!


You go outside and yell at them. Your yelling makes the alien children angry.
Do you really want alien children with guns to be mad at you?
Too late though, they zapped you.



You offer them some cherries. They look at you and grab the cherries.
After a few bites they spit them out and point their guns at you.
Guess they don't like cherries


A. Offer them tea
B. Offer them coffee


They love the coffee, but are soon bouncing off the walls in your house!
You need to stop them before they destroy your house,
or draw too much attention to you.


A. Just wait for the coffee to wear off
B. Give them a sandwich with sleeping pills in it


The effects of the coffee do not appear to be wearing off.
While being overly stimulated by the coffee and playing with their laser guns,
one of the alien children accidentally shoots you dead.


The children notice the sleeping pills, assume they are poison, and kill you right away.


The children love the tea, and take a bunch of yours home to show their parents.
A few hours later they return with their parents, who also loved the tea
which they don't have on their home planet. You say:


A. You can have all the tea you want if you promise not to hurt me!
B. I wonder if other aliens would like tea too? Perhaps we could set up a trade...


The aliens agree to not hurt you, however, cannot promise the rest of their planet will do the same.
You become good friends with the family and give
them lots of tea, but after a few days another family of aliens passes
through and randomly kills you while they are there.
Your friendly alien family will have to find some other human to get their tea from.


Lucky for you these aliens are close friends with the alien leader.
They talk to him and give him tea, and soon the alien leader agrees to stop killing humans.
As long as Earth keeps giving them tea they won't kill anyone. You will always be remembered as a hero!